what's up YouTube you got 1000 here with
my Kaos agents deck profile let's get
into the build first off you gotta run 3
e must Hyperion's he's the boss monster
of the deck 2700 beat stick ridiculously
easy to special summon and his secondary
effect to banish a light fairy from your
graveyard to destroy a card in the field
is also broken so you have to run 3 next
we have the searcher of the deck earth
and he's searches out Venus and he's
also a tuner which is extra special so
here are the three Venus's and venus
summons the shine balls which are good
for tiger so Phoenix I gotcha gotcha
dark mist and also synchro plays with
Birdman Birdman has great synergy with
the shine balls and Venus and he needs
League into stardust mist wurm whatever
synchro your life really so that's why I
run to Birdman next we got the tour
guide engine the double to a guard night
assailant and the for the our fourth
Cardinal engine is dark mimic in this
deck I find dark mimic to be better than
two bus because i don't like top decking
tour bus and I don't meal so therefore i
think that dark make is more effective
card that's always nice to draw a card
if you happen to set it so there's into
a light engine for hand traps got double
maxi double baylor and one Harold you
only need one Harold because it's a
minus one from the hand or minus two if
you include Harold so you only need one
you don't want to deplete your hand too
much got spirit reaper still pretty good
helps you stall and can poke your
opponent to make them lose a card our
honest Rihanna stars pretty
self-explanatory next up the boss
monsters the deck you got black luster
soldier
best dark house monster in the game self
explain tree as well same with chaos
sorcerer then one of the wind conditions
in the day you are logged crucio if you
summon that you pretty much a game in
the bag if you can protect it really
good card I don't need to run why the
chris yo because to just clogs up too
much and lastly got double drag and
gauze to stop Oh Tico's and their dark
targets as well so you've got to run
those so that's it for the monsters
that's 30 months is there and um for the
spells around triple MST because i hate
back row and you got to be able to
summon your monsters and to get your
plays off so triple MST also run double
Lance Lance is amazing this format and
you're also protects your boss monsters
as well and my favorite players if you
summon venus and you're a bottomless
venus and you let it venus and then you
can still go off and go your shallow
bowls out so going on double Lance next
up you got my control helps with the
synchro flows and creature swap is good
card take control their boss monster I
just give them a dead Shawn bowl or
something and lastly we've got the three
staples the Trinity we've got heavy
storm monster reborn and dark hole so
yeah that's it for the main dare it's 40
cards now on to the extra deck at the
moment I'm missing a few cards i need a
tiger so Phoenix a dark mist like at a
store an armory arm in a mist wurm so I
need to make room for those when i
eventually get them but at the moment i
have got for the tues first i've only
got super eager chi looks pretty cool
four threes we got giga-brilliant levy
happen san mains libya temtempo acid
golem just staples really
got Heliopolis in case we get to
Hyperion's out in the field don't
usually go into him that much but you
never know when you may need to go into
him and the synchros I need more
synchros as I've already said but at the
moment have only like guys are fierce
not just as a beat stick black rose
scrap dragon and start off straight so
yes the extra deck is coming together
just not quite ready yet now on to the
side there go I've got a 14 awesome 12
card side deck so it's nearly complete I
recently acquired all these cards so
side their double mine crush really good
against a lot of decks that search this
format especially against our Atlanteans
it works well against them I've got
double soul drain also for Atlanteans or
Dark Worlds etc double snow manita
against six samurais and Dino rabbits
really handy there get shin and dholka i
mean low gear dust 10 against macro
rabbit anything the choice aside in
macro against me or goes and much to do
sol takers my chaos dragons for like
pulsars stop the loop between red eyes
and like pulsar and also works well for
our shining so run two of those and
lastly got to roccos also get helps get
rid of our continuous traps back row
that can hurt me like macro d fisher
suffer that so to raikos there well
that's our it for my Kaos agents deck
profile guys thumbs up if you liked the
video and the comment down below if you
have any suggestions on how i can
improve the deck you'd be greatly
appreciated I just remember to subscribe
and thanks for watching
you